New Resource: `azurerm_managed_lustre_file_system` (#22680)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/managed_lustre_file_system.html.markdown

  sku_name               = "AMLFS-Durable-Premium-250"
  subnet_id              = azurerm_subnet.example.id
  storage_capacity_in_tb = 8
  zones                  = ["2"]

  maintenance_window {
    day_of_week     = "Friday"
    time_of_day_utc = "22:00"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Managed Lustre File System. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Managed Lustre File System should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Azure Managed Lustre File System should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `maintenance_window` - (Required) A `maintenance_window` block as defined below.

* `sku_name` - (Required) The SKU name for the Azure Managed Lustre File System. Possible values are `AMLFS-Durable-Premium-40`, `AMLFS-Durable-Premium-125`, `AMLFS-Durable-Premium-250` and `AMLFS-Durable-Premium-500`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `storage_capacity_in_tb` - (Required) The size of the Azure Managed Lustre File System in TiB. Possible values are between 8 and 128. It could be divided by 8. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage_capacity_in_tb` - (Required) The size of the Azure Managed Lustre File System in TiB. Possible values are between 8 and 128 and must be divisible by 8. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

> * `subnet_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Subnet that is used for managing the Azure Managed Lustre file system and for client-facing operations. This subnet should have at least a /24 subnet mask within the VNET's address space. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Subnet that is used for managing the Azure Managed Lustre file system and for client-facing operations. This subnet should have at least a /24 subnet mask within the Virtual Network's address space. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

* `zones` - (Required) A list of availability zones for the Azure Managed Lustre File System. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hsm_setting` - (Optional) A `hsm_setting` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `key_encryption_key` - (Optional) A `key_encryption_key` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `encryption_key` - (Optional) A `encryption_key` block as defined below.
```

Author: Updated

> -> **NOTE:** Removing `key_encryption_key` forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Removing `encryption_key` forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Azure Managed Lustre File System.

---

A `maintenance_window` block supports the following:

* `day_of_week` - (Required) The day of the week on which the maintenance window will occur. Possible values are `Sunday`, `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Wednesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday` and `Saturday`.

* `time_of_day_utc` - (Required) The time of day (in UTC) to start the maintenance window.

---

A `hsm_setting` block supports the following:

> * `container_id` - (Required) The resource ID of storage container that is used for hydrating the namespace and archiving from the namespace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `container_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the storage container that is used for hydrating the namespace and archiving from the namespace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

> * `logging_container_id` - (Required) The resource ID of storage container that is used for logging events and errors. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logging_container_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the storage container that is used for logging events and errors. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

* `import_prefix` - (Optional) The import prefix for the Azure Managed Lustre File System. Only blobs in the non-logging container that start with this path/prefix get hydrated into the cluster namespace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> -> **NOTE:** It has to add roles `Contributor` and `Storage Blob Data Contributor` to the Service Principal `HPC Cache Resource Provider` for the Storage Account. See [official docs]( https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-managed-lustre/amlfs-prerequisites#access-roles-for-blob-integration) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** The roles `Contributor` and `Storage Blob Data Contributor` must be added to the Service Principal `HPC Cache Resource Provider` for the Storage Account. See [official docs]( https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-managed-lustre/amlfs-prerequisites#access-roles-for-blob-integration) for more information.
```

Author: Updated

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Azure Managed Lustre File System. Only possible value is `UserAssigned`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity_ids` - (Required) A list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Azure Managed Lustre File System. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

> A `key_encryption_key` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `encryption_key` block supports the following:
```

Author: Updated

> * `key_url` - (Required) The URL to the Key Vault Key used as the Key Encryption Key. This can be found as `id` on the `azurerm_key_vault_key` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_url` - (Required) The URL to the Key Vault Key used as the Encryption Key. This can be found as `id` on the `azurerm_key_vault_key` resource.
```

Author: Updated
